Address System Quadrants (#88)
agrc/metadata-asset-tracking-tool: metadata/location/address_system_quadrants.md

## Description

### What is the dataset?

Address systems define which numbers are assigned to physical addresses for homes, buildings, roads, and other structures. Utah divides its address system into quadrants, each with a central origin with street numbers increasing outwards from that point. Quadrants are further divided along a north-south axis and an east-west axis. These quadrants determine how streets are numbered for all the addresses found within the polygon boundary.

### What is the purpose of the dataset?

Address system quadrants are primarily used to geocode addresses and serves as one of the many layers involved with [UGRC's geocoding API](https://gis.utah.gov/blog/2013-04-02-using-the-mapserv-utah-gov-api-to-geocode-address/). You can learn more about the history of addressing systems and how they are used today on [our blog](https://gis.utah.gov/blog/2013-04-02-using-the-mapserv-utah-gov-api-to-geocode-address/).

### What does the dataset represent?

> Each polygon in this dataset represents the geographical area of a given address system quadrant. Features in this dataset include the grid name, quadrant cardinal direction, and county.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each polygon in this dataset represents the geographical area of a given address system and its quadrants. Features in this dataset include the system name, quadrant direction, and county name.
```

### How was the dataset created?

> UGRC created this dataset using data submitted by local government partners.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
UGRC created this dataset using data submitted by local government partners. Updates are made to account for annexations and the creation of new address systems.

```
